Adds tests docs (#649)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: docs/source/users/tests.rst

.. _tests:

#####################

> FitBenchmarking tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FitBenchmarking Tests
```

#####################

> To run both the ``unit`` and ``system`` tests for FitBenchmarking you will need to install ``pytest>=3.6``. We have split the tests into two categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests for FitBenchmarking require ``pytest>=3.6``. We have split the tests into two categories:
```

> * ``default``: denotes all tests that use ``pip`` installable :ref:`software packages<getting-started>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``default``: denotes tests involving ``pip`` installable :ref:`software packages<getting-started>`,
```

> * ``all``: denotes all test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``all``: in addition to ``default``, also runs tests on :ref:`external packages <external-instructions>`.
```

Unit tests
----------

Each module directory in FitBenchmarking (e.g. ``controllers``) contains a test folder which has the ``unit`` tests for that module. One can run the tests for a module by:

.. code-block:: bash

   pytest fitbenchmarking/<MODULE_DIR> --test-type <TEST_TYPE>

where <TEST_TYPE> is either ``default`` or ``all``. If ``--test-type`` argument is not given the default is ``all``

System tests
------------

System tests can be found in the ``systests`` directory in FitBenchmarking. As with the unit tests, these can be run via:

.. code-block:: bash

   pytest fitbenchmarking/systests --test-type <TEST_TYPE>

.. warning::

>    The expected results directory in the ``systests`` directory are generated to check consistency in our automated tests via `Travis CI <https://travis-ci.org/>`__. This is done by checking the text output of the tables are consistent, and therefore, they might not pass on your specific operating system due to, for example, different software package versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The files in the expected results subdirectory of the ``systests`` directory are generated to check consistency in our automated tests via `Travis CI <https://travis-ci.org/>`__.  They might not pass on your local operating system due to, for example, different software package versions being installed.
```
